feat(kcodeblock): add highlighted line numbers prop (#2555)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/codeblock.md

/>
```

### highlightedLineNumbers

> An array of the line numbers to highlight by default in the codeblock. If search is enabled, search results will override the default highlighted lines and be cleared once the search query is cleared

Reviewer: nit: reword
```suggestion
An array of line numbers to initially highlight in the code block. 

If search is enabled, matching results will be highlighted in place of the provided line numbers, and all highlighted lines will be cleared once the search query is cleared.
```

/>
```

### highlightedLineNumbers

An array of line numbers to initially highlight in the code block. 

> If search is enabled, matching results will be highlighted in place of the provided line numbers, and all highlighted lines will be cleared once the search query is cleared.

Reviewer 2: Why do we need to cancel line highlighting when the query is cleared? I think it's better to emit an event for this and let users to decide whether to cancel line highlighting.

<ClientOnly>
  <KCodeBlock
    id="code-block-highlight"
    :code="code"
    language="json"
    :highlighted-line-numbers="[2,4,6]"
  />
</ClientOnly>

```html
<KCodeBlock
  id="code-block-highlight"
  :code="code"
  language="json"

>   :highlighted-line-numbers="[2,4,6]"

Reviewer 2: Shall we also support the syntax that [VitePress](https://vitepress.dev/guide/markdown#line-highlighting-in-code-blocks) and [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins/gatsby-remark-highlight-code/#lines-highlighting) supports (`4,7-13,16,23-27,40`) so that it's easier to highlight a range of lines?

Author: Tracking in https://konghq.atlassian.net/browse/KHCP-14552
